Monitor troubleshooting documentation update (#19598)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/service_catalog/troubleshooting.md

 
If you have many services that share the same metadata, you do not need separate `service.datadog.yaml` files for each one. You can define multiple services in a single `service.datadog.yaml` file by separating each service with a `---` separator. Copy and paste the shared metadata for the relevant dd-service entities. 

## Monitors associated are not displayed in the ‘Setup Guidance’ tab

> Service Catalog associates monitors to services with `service` and [primary tags][3] in APM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Catalog associates monitors to services when you tag the monitor with `service` and [APM primary tags][3]. 
```

> Muted monitors and groups will not be counted towards the total monitors displayed in ‘Setup Guidance’. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total monitor count displayed on the **Setup Guidance** tab for a single service does not include muted monitors and groups. 
```
